So because of the size of this course
and the sheer amount of a range of
topics covered in it, you might from time
to time have a question you need help with.
So this video is all about showing
you how to get help in that situation.
So firstly, what you need to do to
get help is to log into the course,
and when you log in you've got these options,
as you can see on the screen there.
Choose a Q&A. When you do that, you can
click on Ask a question, and enter a title
about the question and some detailed
description, and I'll talk more about the
types of, or how to go about describing
the problem, and then post the question.
So it's literally that easy, and one of,
myself or Jean-Paul Roberts, my
teaching assistant, or even a member of
another student, member of the community,
will pop in there and actually help you
out. So, here's an example post just to
give you an idea. So note the title
and the description there,
but also, the other thing I want to show you is,
if you've got some source code that's not working,
and this is a programming course so
that's probably, in a large amount of cases,
the reason why you're posting. So
if it's not working, don't do a screen image.
I suggest you actually post the code.
So click here and you can
paste the code directly in, and notice
that when you do that, it gets all nicely
color-coded and formatted. So that's
the preference, that makes it easy
for other people to actually take that code and
try and use it, because if you post an image,
if you take a screenshot of the
problem you're having, it's not possible
for someone to grab your code and paste
it into their IDE, into IntelliJ,
and get a result, trying to figure out what's
going on. So if you posted a source code,
it just makes it a lot easier, and again,
doing it that way means that it's all
nicely color-coded and formatted and
you're just improving, increasing the
chances is what I'm trying to say,
of getting a resolution.
Alright, but keep in mind that I mentioned images.
You can upload images. Sometimes images are preferable,
if you've got some other issue or you
want to supplement what you've shown,
or what you've put in your description,
with an image. That's how you can upload
an image as well, so that's also included
there.  So do that if you need to.
And the other thing I want to point out,
though, is before posting a question,
realize that the chances are probably fairly
high that your question may already have
been answered, so for that reason,
before posting a new question,
I strongly suggest you try the search facility.
Now the search, very simple as you can there.
Just type the question here,
as you can see,
and it brings up an answer. So notice
that you can search all questions,
all our lectures rather, or a specific lecture.
So you might want to hone your results
to a specific lecture. That can be a good
idea if you've got a problem with a
specific lecture, and try and search just
within that lecture, but you can also
search across all lectures as well and
there's lots and lots of questions,
a huge amount of questions here. So make
sure you take advantage of that.
It'll definitely help you out.
Alright, now the other thing I want to just
quickly raise is being, or just some
tips on actually asking questions,
and this'll help you in your future
career as a programmer as well.
Firstly, be as specific as you possibly can.
So if you, let's just say you're
getting stuck in a particular lecture. Now
if you just post a question and say,
'I can't get this code to work, I can't get
the code from this lecture to work',
that's technically correct. It's probably
not working for you, but it makes it
really hard for anyone else to try and
help you, because you haven't given us
any information to work with.
So basically, let us know the lecture
that you're working on, paste in the code
you've used, using what I showed you
earlier in the video and maybe a
screenshot of the exact area if you need
to do that, as opposed to the code, you know,
the actual error message and so forth you're getting.
Now this is great practice
for when you become a
programmer in the real world, so because
if you're starting out in a new job,
and you're stuck and you go to your team
leader or to another programmer for help,
then you really do need to give them as
much information as possible. And that's
because people in general aren't gonna
be happy if you just say, 'this is not
working, can you help me?' or something
similar, because we're all busy in
today's society. So you need to be as
specific as possible in the real world,
and certainly that would apply here as
well, and that by doing that, being
specific and saying exactly what's wrong,
that's really going to help you get
answers quicker and make you a better
programmer as well, in the long term.
The other thing that's also useful, is it's
usually better to ask a new question,
rather than appending your question to
another question that's been previously answered,
unless your question is completely related to that one,
if that makes sense.
And the reason for that is that some of this
depends on the notification system of Udemy.
Sometimes some of the older questions,
if you post a follow-up question to a
question that's maybe been answered
six months ago, those notifications don't always come through to
the  people who are trying to answer
these questions for you.
So it's usually better to post a new question
and get an answer to it that way.
But again, always make sure you use
the search facility first because
that's going to help you a lot, and
give you the skills to make you a great
productive programmer.
Alright so that's support.
Let's finish the video here and I'll see you in the next one.